Update move-users-different-subscription.md (#8231)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/commerce/subscriptions/move-users-different-subscription.md

::: moniker-end

> 2. Select the check-boxes next to the names of the users that you want to replace existing licenses for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the checkboxes next to the names of the users that you want to replace existing licenses for.
```
